room_id: A unique number identifying an Airbnb listing. The listing has a URL on the Airbnb web site of
http://airbnb.com/rooms/room_id

survey_id:

host_id: A unique number identifying an Airbnb host. The host’s page has a URL on the Airbnb web site of
http://airbnb.com/users/show/host_id

room_type: One of “Entire home/apt”, “Private room”, or “Shared room”

country: For example, “United States” or “Italy”

city: As entered in the page. This value may not match the search_area. For example, many listings have Brooklyn as the
city even though they appear in the New York search_area. The city field is not used much in any analysis.

borough: A subregion of the city or search area for which the survey is carried out. The borough is taken from a
shapefile of the city that is obtained independently of the Airbnb web site. For some cities, there is no borough
information; for others the borough may be a number. If you have better shapefiles for a city of interest, please
send them to me.

neighborhood: As with borough: a subregion of the city or search area for which the survey is carried out. For cities
that have both, a neighbourhood is smaller than a borough. For some cities there is no neighbourhood information.

reviews: The number of reviews that a listing has received. Airbnb has said that 70% of visits end up with a review,
so the number of reviews can be used to estimate the number of visits. Note that such an estimate will not be reliable
for an individual listing (especially as reviews occasionally vanish from the site), but over a city as a whole it
should be a useful metric of traffic.

overall_satisfaction: The average rating (out of five) that the listing has received from those visitors who left a
review.

accommodates: The number of guests a listing can accommodate.

bedrooms: The number of bedrooms a listing offers.

bathrooms: If listed, the number of bathrooms.

price: The price (in $US) for a night stay. In early surveys, there may be some values that were recorded by month.

minstay: The minimum stay for a visit, as posted by the host.

name:

property_type:

last_modified: the date and time that the values were read from the Airbnb web site. A timestamp recording when the
script collected the data.

latitude: The latitude and longitude of the listing as posted on the Airbnb site: this may be off by a
few hundred metres. I do not have a way to track individual listing locations with

longitude: The latitude and longitude of the listing as posted on the Airbnb site: this may be off by a
few hundred metres. I do not have a way to track individual listing locations with

location: